update agents.md to describe our software prereqs (#3670)
cardstack/boxel: AGENTS.md

# Instructions for AI Agents

## Tooling prerequisites

> - We pin the toolchain with Volta (`.volta`), using Node.js 22.20.0 and pnpm 10.17.0. Install Volta and set `VOLTA_FEATURE_PNPM=1` so pnpm is managed automatically—avoid global installs outside Volta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We pin the toolchain with Volta (`.volta`), using the versions of Node.js and pnpm specified in package.json. Install Volta and set `VOLTA_FEATURE_PNPM=1` so pnpm is managed automatically—avoid global installs outside Volta.
```

> - pnpm is required for all scripts; use the pinned version above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- pnpm is required for all scripts; use the pinned version as specified above.
```
